Amaranth flour

Amaranth flour is a gluten-free, protein-rich flour widely used by the Aztec and Inca civilizations of the pre-Columbian Americas. It is produced by grinding seeds from the amaranth plant into a fine powder.


Arrowroot
Arrowroot is a powdery, highly digestible starch that is commonly used in cooking throughout the Caribbean. The plant, which is considered an herb, is native to the Caribbean and thrives in the tropical climate. The starch comes from the rhizomes of the Maranta arundinacea plant.


BROWN RICE FLOUR

Brown Rice Flour is 100% stone ground from the highest quality whole grain brown rice and has a mild, nutty flavor. Use as breading, for thickening sauces and gravies, and in your gluten free baking.

 BUCKWHEAT FLOUR

Buckwheat's pointed, triangular seeds resemble cereal grains, and the fine-textured flour is grey-ish, speckled with black. It has a strong, distinctive, slightly sour and nutty taste and is rich in vitamins and minerals and low in calories. It's also gluten-free, so it can be used by those on a special diet.

CHICKPEA FLOUR

Chickpea flour is made from dried chickpeas (garbanzo beans) and also is known as garbanzo flour, gram flour and besan. This flour is a staple of Indian, Pakistani and Bangladesh cuisines. In Morocco, garbanzo flour from unroasted chickpeas is used to make kalinti, a quiche-like dish often sold as a street food.

CLUB FLOUR

Flour is a powder made by grinding raw grains or roots and used to make many different foods. ..... up ^ Goldkeim - Association to promote vital flour http://www.goldkeim.com/; Jump up ^ "Heat treated flour used in raw cookie manufacturing" ...


CORN MASA FLOUR

It is used for making corn tortillas, tamales, pupusas, and many other Latin American dishes. The dried and powdered form is called masa harina, masa de harina, and sometimes Maseca, the name of a leading commercial brand. ... Masa de trigo is Spanish for wheat flour dough.


EMMER FLOUR

Organic Emmer Flour. ... A rich and nutty ancient wholegrain flour milled to order for optimum flavor, nutrition, and performance. High in protein with a trace of gluten. Ideal for muffins, quick breads, yeast breads and pastas.


FIGER MILLAT FLOUR

Nutritive value of Ragi. Finger millet is considered one of the most nutritious cereals. Finger millet contains about 5–8% protein, 1–2% ether extractives, 65–75% carbohydrates, 15–20% dietary fiber and 2.5–3.5% minerals.


MACHA FLOUR

MACHA FLOUR is finely ground powder of specially grown and processed green tea. ... The powdered form of matcha is consumed differently from tea leaves or tea bags, and is dissolved in a liquid, typically water or milk


MAIZE FLOUR

Cornmeal is a meal (coarse flour) ground from dried maize (corn). It is a common staple food, and is ground to fine, medium, and coarse consistencies, but not as fine as wheat flour. In the United States, very finely ground cornmeal is also referred to as corn flour. ... Boiled cornmeal is called polenta.


SOYA FLOUR

Soya flour is extremely rich in protein, so it can be added to any food to enhance its nutritional content. It is often used in commercial products such as crisps and sausages. ... It is often combined with wheat or other grain flours before use.



