
ALMOND

The almond is a species of tree native to the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent and North Africa. "Almond" is also the name of the edible and widely cultivated seed of this tree.

BRAZIL NUTS

Despite their name, the most significant exporter of Brazil nuts is not Brazil but Bolivia, where they are called nuez de Brasil. In Brazil, these nuts are called castanhas-do-pará (literally "chestnuts from Pará"), but Acreans call them castanhas-do-acre instead. Indigenous names include juvia in the Orinoco area.

CASHEWS

Cashew, Anacardium occidentale, is an evergreen tree in the family Anacardiaceae grown for its edible fruits (nuts). The cashew tree has a branching main trunk and characteristic domed crown.

The term coconut can refer to the whole coconut palm or the seed, or the fruit, which, botanically, is a drupe, not a nut. ... When dried, the coconut flesh is called copra. The oil and milk derived from it are commonly used in cooking and frying, as well as in soaps and cosmetics.

MACADAMIA


Macadamia is a genus of four species of trees indigenous to Australia and constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae. ... The tree is commercially important for its fruit, the macadamia nuts /?mæk?'de?mi?/ (or simply "macadamia"). Other names include Queensland nut, bush nut, maroochi nut, bauple nut, and Hawaii nut.


PEANUTS

The peanut, also known as the groundnut and the goober and taxonomically classified as Arachis hypogaea, is a legume crop grown mainly for its edible seeds. It is widely grown in the tropics and subtropics, being important to both small and large commercial producers.

PECAN

They also contain more than 19 vitamins and minerals including vitamins A, B, and E, folic acid, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, and zinc. Just one ounce of pecans provides 10 percent of the Daily Recommended intake of fiber. Pecans are also rich in age defying antioxidants.

Pistachio

Pistachio, Pistacia vera, is a deciduous tree in the family Anacardiaceae grown for its edible seeds (nuts). Pistachio is a small to medium sized tree with a branching main stem (trunk) and a spreading growth habit. The leaves of the pistachio are pinnate and composed of five individual oval leaflets.

RAISINS

Raisins are grapes that have been dried. The dehydration process, practiced since time immemorial, reduces the moisture content either naturally in the heat of the sun or, more recently, by artificial methods. Raisin types depend on the type of grape used. ... Raisins are very sweet because of their high sugar content.

