APPLE JACKS
Apple Jacks is a brand of cereal produced by Kellogg's and targeted mainly at children. ... In 1971 the name "Apple Jacks" was put into action by advertisers. The product is described by Kellogg's as a "crunchy, sweetened multi-grain cereal with apple and cinnamon."

BOO BERRY

"A spoonful of spooky fun in every bowl, Boo Berry is a whimsical way to start the day. Made with whole grain corn, Boo Berry combines blueberry-flavored frosted cereal with colorful marshmallow shapes to create a delicious cereal that kids and adults can enjoy. Each serving of this playful, monster-themed cereal is low in fat with no cholesterol or saturated fat. It's also a good source of calcium, whole grain, and 9 other essential vitamins and minerals."

CAP N CRUNCH

Cap'n Crunch is a product line of corn and oat breakfast cereals introduced in 1963 and manufactured by Quaker Oats Company, a division of PepsiCo since 2001.

CINNAMON TOAST CRUNCH

Cinnamon Toast Crunch aims to provide the taste of cinnamon toast in a crunch cereal format. The cereal consists of small squares or rectangles of wheat and rice covered with cinnamon and sugar. Because of its rice content, when immersed in milk, one can hear "snap" sounds coming from it, similar to Rice Krispies.

COOKIE CRISP

Cookie Crisp is a breakfast cereal that attempts to recreate the taste of chocolate chip cookies. It is manufactured by General Mills in the United States and Cereal Partners (under the Nestlé brand) in other countries.

CORNFLAKES

Kelloggs Corn Flakes® cereal is the Original & Best® cereal. Every bite of these crispy, golden flakes is just as delicious as the first. You'll be on your way to a great day when you pour a bowl of Kellogg's Corn Flakes® cereal into your breakfast bowl.

COUNT CHOCULA

"A spoonful of spooky fun in every bowl, Count Chocula is a whimsical way to start the day. Made with whole grain corn, Count Chocula combines chocolaty cereal with colorful marshmallow shapes to create a delicious cereal that kids and adults can enjoy. Each serving of this playful, monster-themed cereal is low in fat with no cholesterol or saturated fat. It's also a good source of calcium, whole grain, and 9 other essential vitamins and minerals."

FROOT LOOPS CEREAL

Froot Loops is a brand of sweetened, fruit-flavored breakfast cereal produced by Kellogg's and sold in many countries. The cereal pieces are ring-shaped (hence "loops") and come in a variety of bright colors and a blend of fruit flavors (hence "froot", a cacography of fruit). ... Kellogg's introduced Froot Loops in 1963.


LIFE

Life is a breakfast cereal formerly made solely of whole grain oats, but now also containing sugar, corn flour, whole wheat flour, and rice flour. It is distributed by the Quaker Oats Company. It was introduced in 1961. The cereal's advertisements currently sport the slogan "Life is full of surprises".

LUCKY CHARMS

Hearts, Stars, and Horseshoes, Clovers and Blue Moons, Hourglasses, Rainbows, and Tasty Red Balloons! Hearts, Stars, and Horseshoes, Clovers, Red Balloons, Hourglasses, Rainbows, and Six New Swirled Moons! Hearts, Stars and Horseshoes, Clovers, Blue Moons, Hourglasses, Rainbows, and Tasty Red Balloons in Lucky Charms!

MULTI GRAIN CHEERIOS

Multi Grain Cheerios delivers the perfectly balanced combination of nutrition and taste with 5 whole grains and essential nutrition to help get you through the day.
Our 5 whole grains are grown, milled, and toasted before being lightly sweetened and enhanced with extra vitamins & minerals, giving you more of the goodness you’re looking for in every spoonful.

SHREDDIES

Wheat for Shreddies is sourced from over 500 different farms within the UK. Sugared, chocolate and honey-flavoured versions of the cereal are available in the UK as Frosted Shreddies, Coco Shreddies, and Honey Shreddies, and an orange-flavoured version of the Coco Shreddies has also become available recently.

