BERBS FOR CHICKEN 

Greek oregano, garlic, basil, onion, marjoram, rosemary, black pepper. Salt-free. Jerk Rub – Adds Caribbean flavor and heat to pork, chicken or ribs. Contains: allspice, onion, thyme, garlic, paprika, salt, our chiles & spices.

BTTER PAPRIKA

 paprika is a usually mild red condiment consisting of the dried finely ground pods of various sweet peppers; also : a sweet pepper used for making paprika.


CARDAMOM

Cardamon or Cardamum, is a spice made from the seeds of several plants in the genera Elettaria and Amomum in the family Zingiberaceae. ... Cardamom is the world's third-most expensive spice, surpassed in price per weight only by vanilla and saffron.


CORIANDER


The dry fruits are known as coriander seeds. The word "coriander" in food preparation may refer solely to these seeds (as a spice), rather than to the plant. The seeds have a lemony citrus flavour when crushed, due to the terpenes, linalool, pinene, and limonene, among others.


CUMIN

Description. Cumin is the dried seed of the herb Cuminum cyminum, a member of the parsley family. The cumin plant grows to 30–50 cm (12–20 in) tall and is harvested by hand.

CURRY-POWDER

Curry powder is a generic term for spice mixes used to flavor Indian or Southeast Asian cuisine. Although there is no standard recipe, the main components are usually cumin, coriander, and turmeric. Other common ingredients include red or black pepper, mustard, ginger, clove, cardamom, bay leaf, and fenugreek.


HEARBS FOR SALAD

Herbs can be perennials such as thyme or lavender, biennials such as parsley, or annuals like basil. Perennial herbs can be shrubs such as rosemary, Rosmarinus officinalis, or trees such as bay laurel, Laurus nobilis – this contrasts with botanical herbs, which by definition cannot be woody plants



MINT

Mint was originally used as a medicinal herb to treat stomach ache and chest pains, and it is commonly used in the form of tea as a home remedy to help alleviate stomach pain. · During the Middle Ages, dried and powdered mint leaves were used to whiten teeth. · Mint tea is a strong diuretic.



MUSTARD

 Finely ground mustard seeds make mustard powder.The powder is a mixture of brown and white seeds, with added saffron or tumeric for flavor and/or color. It is a popular ingredient since the flavor does not build or persist when used.



OREGANO

Mediterranean Oregano is the dried leaf of Origanum vulgare L., a perennial herb in the mint family. ... Oregano is the spice that gives pizza its characteristic flavor. It is also usually used in chili powder. Taste and Aroma. 


OSMANISH

Baharat  is a spice mixture or blend used in Middle Eastern cuisine. ... The mixture of finely ground spices is often used to season lamb, fish, chicken, beef, and soups and may be used as a condiment.


PEPPER

 Black pepper (Piper nigrum) is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae, cultivated for its fruit, which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning. When dried, the fruit is known as a peppercorn. ... Black pepper is the world's most traded spice.

